Fix urls (#152)
PrestaShop/open-source: content/modules-themes/readme.md

To be accepted in the list, check that your modules and themes are open source and respect the intellectual property of the PrestaShop open source project:
- Licensed and distributed under AFL

> - Dependencies, librairies and artwork distributed in the ZIP for installation must be in [compatible licenses](https://devdocs.prestashop-project.org/1.7/contribute/contribution-guidelines/compatible-licenses/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dependencies, librairies and artwork distributed in the ZIP for installation must be in [compatible licenses](https://devdocs.prestashop-project.org/8/contribute/contribution-guidelines/compatible-licenses/)
```
